README.md, before:

# [KOReader Annas Plugin](https://github.com/fischer-hub/annas.koplugin)


**Disclaimer:** This plugin is for educational purposes only. Please respect copyright laws and use this plugin responsibly.

This KOReader plugin lets you search and download documents from Anna's Archive. Since it scrapes the HTML of Anna's Archive and tries to grab source links there is no need to log in with any account. However, as soon as there is changes to the Anna's Archive HTML code the scraper can (but it might not!) fail.

Big thanks and credits to the devs of the [KOReader Zlibrary plugin](https://github.com/ZlibraryKO/zlibrary.koplugin) which inspired a huge amount of the frontend code and UI for my plugin and to the devs of [KindleFetch](https://github.com/justrals/KindleFetch) which inspired much of my webscraping 'backend' code. Without these projects the plugin would probably not run at all yet lol.

The plugin was tested on KOReader installed on a Kindle Paperwhite 11th generation.

## Installation

1.  Download the latest release.
2.  Copy the `annas.koplugin` directory to the `koreader/plugins` folder on your device.
3.  Restart KOReader.


## Usage

1.  Ensure you are in the KOReader file browser.
2.  Access the `Search` menu.
3.  Select `Anna's Archive`.
4.  Enter your search terms and adjust language, format, and additional settings as needed and hit `search`.
5.  Under Search Results click on the entry you are interested in.
6.  Finally hit `Format: (tap to download)` and confirm again by tapping `Download`.

Done!

## Keywords

KOReader, Z-library, e-reader, plugin, ebook, download, KOReader plugin, Z-library integration, digital library, e-ink, bookworm, reading, open source.

Commit message:

add note on release version in dir name to readme

README.md, after:

# [KOReader Annas Plugin](https://github.com/fischer-hub/annas.koplugin)


**Disclaimer:** This plugin is for educational purposes only. Please respect copyright laws and use this plugin responsibly.

This KOReader plugin lets you search and download documents from Anna's Archive. Since it scrapes the HTML of Anna's Archive and tries to grab source links there is no need to log in with any account. However, as soon as there is changes to the Anna's Archive HTML code the scraper can (but it might not!) fail.

Big thanks and credits to the devs of the [KOReader Zlibrary plugin](https://github.com/ZlibraryKO/zlibrary.koplugin) which inspired a huge amount of the frontend code and UI for my plugin and to the devs of [KindleFetch](https://github.com/justrals/KindleFetch) which inspired much of my webscraping 'backend' code. Without these projects the plugin would probably not run at all yet lol.

The plugin was tested on KOReader installed on a Kindle Paperwhite 11th generation.

## Installation

1.  Download the latest release.
2.  Extract the `annas.koplugin-*x.x.x.zip` file and rename remove the version number from the directory name if it has one, e.g.: `annas.koplugin-0.1.5` -> `annas.koplugin`.
3.  Copy the `annas.koplugin` directory to the `koreader/plugins` folder on your device.
4.  Restart KOReader.


## Usage

1.  Ensure you are in the KOReader file browser.
2.  Access the `Search` menu.
3.  Select `Anna's Archive`.
4.  Enter your search terms and adjust language, format, and additional settings as needed and hit `search`.
5.  Under Search Results click on the entry you are interested in.
6.  Finally hit `Format: (tap to download)` and confirm again by tapping `Download`.

Done!

## Keywords

KOReader, Z-library, e-reader, plugin, ebook, download, KOReader plugin, Z-library integration, digital library, e-ink, bookworm, reading, open source.
